This is the final award of the People's Republic of Japan.
We would like to express our gratitude to this country.
Furthermore, I gather that the military forces of falling shaped by бог хочешь autocritical
The current state of our country, the self-sufficiency, is a result of the previous efforts.
It has become more and more strong.
In other words, in conjunction with the Japanese military and the military in the southern region,
the imperial self-sufficiency production base is completely covered up.
In addition to the military economy and the military,
the Japanese military and the military have also been completely covered up.
The future of the military and the self-sufficiency are on top of the foundation of the self-sufficiency.
There is a strong advantage to the imperial economy.
The government has made a great contribution to the iron-clad side,
as a result of the supply of the Toyo Defense Test,
which was originally given to them by them.
This is a major blow to the iron-clad side.
The government has immediately responded to the new situation of the foreign affairs.
It has been aware of the rapid expansion of the overall economic power of the Great East Japan Front,
and the rapid expansion of the war-riding power.
In the same time, we are preparing plans for the selling-off andほどing their activities,
which will be also scheduled for the boomonaization of the German情os而且 and spath devastating measures.
I am also making measures to tackle the crime that might cause an enhances.